Before you read these lyrics, please understand the context of the time. The year was 2016, the year Donald Trump would eventually be elected as POTUS. At the time, I was a full-fledged progressive democrat, still believing that they were the "good guys", until I ultimately realized the sick and twisted game that democrats play on leftists to maintain the status quo. 

Essentially, the dems established a system of superdelegates to ensure that the eventual nominee will be an elitist that the moneyed interests to prefer. Basically, they use a "progressive" patsy like Bernie to attract silly progressives like me, only to sabotage his campaign at every turn and, ultimately, hit us with the bait and switch to support an elitist like Hillary Clinton because, well, look at scary evil Trump!

What made it worse was that Bernie Sanders promised his followers that he would fight to the end, even if it meant a "contested convention" like the supposedly historic DNC of 1968 here in Chicago that was allegedly some wildly contested convention. Instead, Bernie conceded LIKE A BITCH 2 weeks before the DNC, so the actual DNC was just him kissing the ring, cryin like a little hoe.

So now, not only am I NOT a Bernie Sanders fan, and not only am I NOT a democrat anymore, but I see the entire political system for what it is - a hyper-capitalist plutocratic oligarchical kakistocratic kleptocratic gerontocratic theocratic idiocratic crazyocratic techno-feudalist corporatocracy. So, I don't take politics seriously at all because I realize that pretty much everyone is retarded af. My vote doesn't matter at all. I don't support individual politicans anymore because the whole system is fucked. I'll vote for the Green Party but other than that, fuck the political system. It's inefficient af and is destroying our planet.

End rant.

Intro (clip from the movie "The Siege")

Woman: How could I have missed the play?

Terrorist: It's because of the money. You believe money is power. BELIEF is power!

The Ultimate Rage:

To everybody out there that's #BernieorBust, keep ya head up yo, for the fight wages on. Shout out to my boy AJ Goodman [a YouTuber I no longer fuck with], Jimmy Dore [another personality I don't fuck with], Tim Black, Debbie Lusignan, Adam Figueroa, Lee Camp, William Gayland, Michael White, Ana Kasparian, Jeanette Johnson-Jean, Giane Indigo, Victor Tiffany, Greg Haddock, Gary Thomas, Nico House, Sabrina Geysler, Charlie Hobbs, Susanna Peterson, and everybody out there that's #BernieOrBust. LET'S GET IT!!!!! YEAH!!!!!

Verse 1

Yo, see, I'm #BernieOrBust cuz I'm born and raised/
In Chitown south side, Killaward, the main/1
Source for pain. Families forced to mourn for days/
Cuz someone they adored was slain, adorned in graves/2
It'll make you more dismayed to find this out/
Tyshawn Lee was murdered right behind my house/3
So with, uh, all this crime and homicides/
I decline your calls for I to fall in line/4
This is only one example of the problems we're facin/
Across the whole nation, caused by the heinous awful arrangement/5
Of plutocratic oligarchs, malevolent corporations/
And politicians corrupted that's sendin us toward decay/6
It's the industrial complex, profit-driven motive/
Unlimited growth model cuttin costs and gettin over/7
And I swear, I don't see why it - has to be like this/
And if you disagree - EAT MY SHIT/8

Chorus

Cuz I will neva fall in line, neva compromise my principles/
And if that's a crime, you should label me a criminal/
FUCK the system we don't TRUST the system/
And we will neva stop until we all CRUSH the system/
Because I'm  - #BernieOrBust (x3)
So we turnin it up/
So I'm - #BernieOrBust (x3)
Let's turn this system to dust. WHAT?!

Verse 2

You wanna know somethin really crazy son?/
Google Search HR-5181/1
Countering Foreign Propaganda and Disinformation Act/
Ministry of Truth irl [reference to the famous George Orwell book "1984"]. I'm just statin facts!/2
CNN and MSNBC will NEVER cover this/
Cuz punditry's puppetry in our Orwellian government/3
Why aren't they discussin this?!/
The bill was introduced by BOTH democrats AND republicans! BOTH parties can suck a dick!/4
THIS is not democracy! THIS is not equality!/
Trump is fascism, but Hillary's corporatocracy/5
Two sides of the same totalitarian coin/
I cna fill it in my bones, my capillaries, and loins/6
All we want is a brand new deal/
Not no backroom deals wit money laundered gettin vacuum sealed/7
So we goin to the [Democratic National] Convention. We disturbin you chumps/
And Bernin it up! No matter what, it's #BernieOrBust, BITCHES!!!!/8

Chorus

Outro

Bernie Sanders: Real change never takes place from the top on down or in the living rooms of wealthy campaign contributors. It always occurs from the bottom on up, when tens of millions of people say loudly and clearly, "Enough is enough!" and they become engaged in the fight for justice. That's what the political revolution we helped start is all about. That's why the political revolution must continue. We have begun the long and arduous process of transforming America, a fight that will continue tomorrow, next week, next year, and into the future. My hope is that future historians look back and describe how our country moved forward into reversing the drift toward Oligarchy, and how we move forward in creating a government that represents ALL of the people and not just the few. That they will know that to a significant degree, that effort began with a political revolution of 2016. Thank you all very much, good night.